Are yuh single and ready 2 mingle?!<br>A: Hahaha Yup! Bhut not lookin 4 a man rite atm chuz dey 2much drama!
took you longer enough GEES GIRL hahah...no its totally okay i just wanted to play guess who i am hahaha..i fuckinggg love you too
Bitch u thee bomb like Tick TICK!<br>A: Hahah(: Thanks!	Bitch u thee bomb like Tick TICK! Hahah Thanks
WHATEVER. Im gunna leave before you guys cry &amp; get yourselves hurt  i mean your begging me to leave  bye pussys! You're the one being anonymous Give me your name and ill have someone beat your ass.
your my bitch and ill kill you nigga How bout you suck my dick?	your my bitch and ill kill you nigga	 How bout you suck my dick?	None	Yes	10	your my bitch and ill kill you nigga
Are you telling the truth if you lie in bed?<br>A: your good. haha
fuck no im not jealous of the ugly ass freak. A: Bitch  suck my fucken dick. Why don't you say that shit to my face you fuckin pussy?
yourr callingg mee ahh pussy when your bitchass wont leave a name right? you wanna get down  im telling you im down. one on one.
lmfaoooooo. JEALOUS bitches make me sick!(; so nicoo  ahaah what th fxck is up! bahaha idk :) whats goin on. JEALOUS bitches make me sick!
No you wont.<br>A: Haha listen asshole  you can't sit there and try to tell me about MY feelings unless you know me on a personal level and we're good friends.
say it to my face trick ass nigga i will fxckin murder you i aint tryna make no body feel bad so you can hush that you got something to say then please
kaydoll is bettaa than rhubinathy cuss she will suck my dick and the othe fat hoe wont and i luv it my sluts<br>A: okay?	kaydoll is bettaa than rhubinathy cuss she will suck my dick and the othe fat hoe wont
My dick throbbs for ur attention. Call me 7273684229 wow good one.
why doesnt Winnie the Pooh ever get stung by the bees he messes with?causes they can't have violence in the kids show. come on you knew that
What are YOUR ideas on the exceptions that come with the rule &quot;never hit a girl&quot; ? Do you a girl who has been hit by a man ? What happened ?<br>A: I was hit by Women  and I hit back.
The children living next door are being horribly abused by their parents. The only way to stop the abuse is to adopt the children and care for them in your home.
What do you think about mothers who smoke pot while they are pregnant? I think the same with all substance abuse while mothers are pregnant.
What does sex smell like? My bro said like pussy lol<br>A: Yeah it definantly has a smell. Distinctly sex smell..haha	What does sex smell like? My bro said like pussy lol	 Yeah it definantly has a smell.
heaven for you? A: Seeing all the people that have passed away and just living for yourself and not the worldly pleasures like money and sex and blahhh bull crap
dayumm stupid fuckin cunts stop talking your shit get a fuckin life go suck your moms dick and chock on it dayumm lil pussys take it of anonamis or watever -stephanie iloveyou alexis
HOW BIG IZ Y0 DICK CAUSE I WANNA SUCK IT<br>A: it is 8 inches nd growing HOW BIG IZ Y0 DICK CAUSE I WANNA SUCK IT	 it is 8 inches nd growing
Yuh myk a hoe orgasm! Oaaa hot as fukk. Ppl tellen me i look lyk khlou00e8 kardashian n ma boobs iz a 38C to D  if dhats what yuh want to have den im here.
yuh datz wat yo mom need bxtch ass hoe hoop da fuk up off mi ish...nd kum swallow my bulletz hoe
yuh qo yea iDo go wid shorties	yuh qo widddd	 yea iDo go wid shorties	None	No	Yes	6	go wid shorties	No	0	n/a"
Yuh styll feelinme<br>A: Who iz yew...if yew a female nd not ugly iWud feel yew anytyme	Yuh styll feelinme	 Who iz yew...if yew a female nd not ugly iWud feel yew anytyme
how much whiskey can u drink before u dropppppp? lol i dont drink whisky like scotch im more a bourban girl vodka maybe	how much whiskey can u drink before u drop
would you rather have a threesome with three monkeys or pop 2 extaxy pills and have sex with a horse  both  including you
you&#039;ll get kivette for gov shes really cool runs a 6 minute mile so shes good in bed think she'll be up for a threesome?	get kivette for gov shes really cool runs a 6 minute mile so shes good in bed
So you like threesomes? Wouldnt that be difficult? No  as long as you take your time and give attention to both Partners	So you like threesomes?
i saw girls hating on you and your friend sara because of something that she did to the guys from the maine
Bitch don&apos;t be actin like you don&apos;t get high please.  Alot of people have seen you and some people even saw u give a smooch on the lips to Emily so fuck off u lesbian bicth and stop acting like the